right chef I'm gonna make the rest of
the sounds so if we put the pineapple in
here first just a nice little dice like
that and the next thing you've got is
some onion and some peppers let's have a
look now the onion we don't want too
much in there do we we're gonna support
it maybe just one spoonful probably
enough that's good just is enough to
limit it we can be a little bit more
liberal with this what do you think
maybe two spoons too strong so
everything okay and now yes the seeds
but do you also call these pimento as
well sweet pimento yeah now how much of
this would you like in just about two
teaspoons well two teaspoon lovely now
the other flavors you've got into this
is just going to be some sugar and now
the vinegar again about the same
quantity about 1 1 teaspoon of our 1
teaspoon of vinegar that's good and of
course there's one other taste as well
and that is the olive oil the oil you
can make it as loose I think or perhaps
as close as you wish how about a server
good looks pretty good and it's
literally just stir it all together
of course the vinegar will dissolve the
sugar okay so I'll start frying off the
fish now we're using my mahi here which
obviously we can't really get a hold of
in the UK so what do you think would be
a great fish to replace this if you get
the snappers Cooper yeah that's nice
another grouper well we have done it
with several different fishes at ndu
yeah but a main thing is a male
just to meet me getting that little
sizzle there you can imagine now trying
to keep the heat in the pan isn't easy
because we're struggling with the
weather today and it's been pouring down
this morning hence being under here to
cook this dish so hopefully it'll back
off a little bit and bring back that
lovely sunshine so chef you can see
we're getting a nice color on coconut
plants turn them down to turn let's have
a look to see where we go cuz that fish
feels absolutely sensational the smell
now that looks wonderful add a little
bit of butter in the pan squeeze of lime
and I might add a hint of thyme to that
as well so I've got a little lime and
thyme butter just to sprinkle around the
fish and then I'm gonna serve that with
some course of the salsa I've got the
mahi-mahi we've got the flavor of the
coconut we've got that rich black
pineapple salsa what more do we need
apart from tasting it
you